# Frequently Asked Questions

## What is an apprenticeship ?
An apprenticeship is a job with training. It enables someone to develop and demonstrate the **knowledge**, **skills** and **behaviours** they need to perform effectively in a particular occupation. The occupation is defined in the apprenticeship standard. Apprenticeships must last a minimum of 12 months, with **20%** structured **off-the-job** training to develop competence in an occupation.

## What is the difference between a Master of Science and a MBA Sales degrees ?
The **Master of Business Administration (MBA)** degree is an executive-level business course designed for people with executive or management level experience. MBA degrees are designed to develop leadership skills and offer professionals the opportunity to formally recognise their business expertise. MBAs are often favoured over other business qualifications as they are recognised globally and as such are a branded programme within the world of academia. An MBA qualification is highly regarded by employers. A prerequisite for studying an MBA is that candidates must have work experience, usually a minimum of three years at a strategic level. This creates a rich learning environment as participants come from a range of industries and bring their different experiences into the course. It is important for participants to have practical experience as MBA programmes require students to think strategically and use work place evidence within assessments. An MBA can be studied in a number of different formats. Many students opt to study part-time so they can continue to work. Studying online is a convenient and popular option for busy professionals. Advancements in technology mean the classroom experience can be effectively replicated online and this attracts a global cohort of students. Undertaking an MBA provides fantastic networking opportunities and connections within new industries. MBA programmes have evolved in order to keep up with the demands of modern business; most courses will focus on international business and global management challenges. Traditional MBAs offer a broad grounding in a variety of business disciplines but there is also a range of specialist MBAs where students can major in an area of interest: management, marketing, finance, sales or HR.
  The **Master of Science (MSc), Strategic Sales** degree is designed for people who are at the beginning of their sales management career, or for sales graduates who want a higher level qualification. An MSc builds on the skills gained at undergraduate level. An MSc will look at the theory of sales management and uses project-based learning to link theory to practice. An MSc enables students to develop their knowledge in a specific area of business. The syllabus will focus on developing analytical and technical skills rather than leadership and managerial. Typically an MSc, Strategic Sales is taught over two years.

